hi I'm Sean from fotodiox and we just
got our gopro hero4 silver and a couple
weeks ago click here to see our unboxing
video now the hero4 silver does not have
the same 4k capabilities as the hero4
black does it only shoots 4k and 15 FPS
which is pretty useless but one thing it
does share with the hero4 black is it
has improved night time lapse functions
so we decided to go to downtown Chicago
at night to see how good these night
time-lapse functions are I'm going to
show you that footage in a second but
first I'm going to show you the rig that
we use to get our night time lapse first
of all you can see I have the wonderpana
go filter system attached to the gopro
hero4 is housing now this is really easy
to attach you just slip it on over the
housing and then just tighten the
cinching screw built into the filter
holder and what's great about this
system is it allows you to use our
comprehensive line of filters made
specifically for the GoPro this is a
circular polarizer we use this for our
time lapse as well you just screw it on
to the filter holder and what a circular
polarizer does is it allows you by
simply turning the front element to
block out reflections and glare so for
instance if you were shooting say water
and he wanted to shoot through the
reflection and - it was underneath you
would just adjust this until you knocked
out that reflection and you could see
down below so like if you were shooting
goldfish in a pond or something this
would be a great tool it's also a great
tool to reduce glare off objects say for
instance some big silver object that may
be in downtown Chicago the beam and we
did use this for that very purpose as
you'll see in a moment now we decided
that we wanted to add a little spice to
our time-lapse video so what we did is
we went to the local target in downtown
Chicago and we bought this little egg
timer it was just a couple bucks we
ripped off the base so it would lay flat
and then we bought some sticky tack now
what we did with this sticky tack is we
merely pushed it down onto the top of
the egg timer and then we took our GoPro
with our tripod mount this is our go
tough tripod mount the fotodiox tiles
and we just simply
pressed it down and then all we did is
we just kind of set it down in different
areas of Chicago cranked it to the
amount of distance we want the time
lapse to move set the time lapse going
and then just left it sit so using our
wonderpana go filter system our circular
polarizer and our little DIY spinner we
were able to get some pretty awesome
footage let's take a look
you
well I guess that ringing sound means
our video has come to an end I hope you
enjoyed this video click here to
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
more videos just like this one and don't
forget to click on the links down below
this video to get a wonderpana go filter
system for your gopro today I'm Sean
from fotodiox thanks for watching